`lib.fileset.maybeMissing`: init (#265964)
NixOS/nixpkgs: lib/fileset/README.md

Reviewer: Could you document the rationale for `maybeMissing` here, as opposed to non-strict by default?

      it would change the `subpath`/`components` value depending on which files are included.
- (+) If necessary, this restriction can be relaxed later, the opposite wouldn't be possible

### Strict path existence checking

Coercing paths that don't exist to file sets always gives an error.

- (-) Sometimes you want to remove a file that may not always exist using `difference ./. ./does-not-exist`,
  but this does not work because coercion of `./does-not-exist` fails,
  even though its existence would have no influence on the result.
  - (+) This is dangerous, because you wouldn't be protected against typos anymore.
    E.g. when trying to prevent `./secret` from being imported, a typo like `difference ./. ./sercet` would import it regardless.
  - (+) `difference ./. (maybeMissing ./does-not-exist)` can be used to do this more explicitly.

>   - (+) With the current internal representation,  `difference ./. (difference ./foo ./foo/bar)` would not error anymore if `./foo/bar` doesn't exist, even though it should always be included.

Reviewer: It wasn't clear that this was in the context of a hypothetical (or actually non-accepted) implementation.

```suggestion
  - (+) `difference ./. (difference ./foo ./foo/bar)` should report an error when `./foo/bar` does not exist ("double negation"). Unfortunately, the current internal representation does not lend itself to a behavior where both `difference x ./does-not-exists` and double negation are handled and checked correctly.
```

      it would change the `subpath`/`components` value depending on which files are included.
- (+) If necessary, this restriction can be relaxed later, the opposite wouldn't be possible

### Strict path existence checking

Coercing paths that don't exist to file sets always gives an error.

- (-) Sometimes you want to remove a file that may not always exist using `difference ./. ./does-not-exist`,
  but this does not work because coercion of `./does-not-exist` fails,
  even though its existence would have no influence on the result.
  - (+) This is dangerous, because you wouldn't be protected against typos anymore.
    E.g. when trying to prevent `./secret` from being imported, a typo like `difference ./. ./sercet` would import it regardless.
  - (+) `difference ./. (maybeMissing ./does-not-exist)` can be used to do this more explicitly.

>   - (+) If this [was implemented](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/267091) with minimal changes to the current internal representation,
>     `difference ./. (difference ./foo ./foo/bar)` would not error anymore if `./foo/bar` doesn't exist, even though it should always be included.
>     This could be fixed, but would require significant changes to the internal representation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - (+) With the current internal representation,  `difference ./. (difference ./foo ./foo/bar)` would not error anymore if `./foo/bar` doesn't exist, even though it should always be included.
    This could be fixed, but would require significant changes to the internal representation that are not worth the effort and the risk of introducing implicit behavior.
```

## TODO

> Once 23.11 is out, update the error message links to use the s/unstable/stable URLs

Reviewer 2: The mere fact that there is some tricky timing and synchronisation involved to begin with hints at that adding those URLs is not a good idea. That documentation should be shipped with Nixpkgs or whatever. Let's skip it here.
